# Forts-In-Goa
Trekking for a Majestic View:-     The magic of Goa lies in the fact that you get best of both the worlds. Be it the beach or nature trails, waterfalls or forts, you are never more than a 30-minute drive away from something exciting. In the list of things to do in Goa, visiting the Forts in Goa remains among the top 5 activities.   With a heavy influence of the Portugese culture, forts in Goa are peaceful and are rarely crowded. Almost all of them are located near the beaches itself and well connected for tourists.  Chapora fort, Reis Magos fort, Corjuem fort, Terekhol fort, Aguada fort and many others are a great tourist attraction in North Goa. Similarly, forts in South Goa are known for their aesthetic beauty and attract many tourists to make the place seem lively. Some of the forts are Cabo de Rama fort, Rachol Fort, Mormugaon fort and Anjdiv fort.  Unless you visit these forts in goa yourself, you would never really understand how much charm these favorite tourist spots in Goa emanate. The breath-taking view from the top of the forts, of the never-ending sea and guessing the beaches below is a great way to relax and let go. Beaches in Goa like Palolem beach, Calangute beach, Chapora Beach, Candolim beach and so on, with their serene atmosphere, compliment these forts on the seashore to make them picture perfect destination.  Pack your bags and try visiting Goa just to see the other beautiful side of it. The forts are silent charms that will make your trip memorable and will give you a reason to come back some other time, to relive the memories. Missing out on forts in goa will keep you from one unique perspective to rethink about this place and wonder how a place this beautiful can have something for literally everyone, with different interests, tastes, moods and personalities.
